This UFZ
Ultimate Fighting Championship Qualifier Group 10
Contestant is player 2
Lin Wenli
Oh.
And No. 4 contestant Yan Jianan
OK
Okay, please take a break.
We'll start right away
Hey
Teacher Yang
Do you have a brain?
We are the same boxing gym
If my mother were the president of the Duoduo Association
He will be gossiped when he goes out
How is Jiangnan getting ready?
In good condition
The person who advances in the qualifiers must be you
Why are you so short of money?
Because you are the daughter of the boxing champion, you are the best
What a cat and a dog, don't even try to beat you down
Two contestants please follow me
A urine test is required
Boss, please.
Women can't win for a while
Waiting for your guilt to be exposed
You have to go back to Black Spring Market
Meet the gentleman